<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>About Adobe</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="aboutCss.css" />
</head>
<body>
  <header>
    <h1>About Adobe</h1>
  </header>

  <div class="container">
    <h2>Welcome to Adobe</h2>
    <p>
      Adobe is a multinational software company headquartered in San Jose,
      California. It is best known for its creative software products such as
      Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, and Premiere Pro. With a rich history
      of innovation, Adobe has been empowering creatives and businesses to
      bring their ideas to life since its establishment in 1982.
    </p>
    <p>
      Adobe's mission is to change the world through digital experiences. The
      company offers a wide range of products and services that enable
      creativity, collaboration, and digital transformation across various
      industries. From graphic design and video editing to marketing
      automation and document management, Adobe's solutions are used by
      professionals and individuals worldwide.
    </p>
    <p class="highlight">
      At Adobe, we are committed to driving innovation and shaping the future
      of creativity. We strive to deliver cutting-edge tools and technologies
      that empower our users to express their ideas and passions in
      extraordinary ways. With a strong focus on user experience and
      accessibility, we aim to provide intuitive and inclusive solutions that
      inspire and enable creativity for all.
    </p>
    <p>
      <a class="button" href="adobe.xhtml">Go to home</a>
    </p>
  </div>

  <footer>&copy; 2023 Adobe. All rights reserved.</footer>
</body>
</html>
