<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">

<head>
  <title>Download and Install Adobe</title>
  <style>
    /* Reset some default styles */
    * {
      margin: 0;
      padding: 0;
      box-sizing: border-box;
    }

    /* Body styles */
    body {
      font-family: Arial, sans-serif;
      background-color: #f2f2f2;
      color: #333;
    }

    /* Header styles */
    header {
      background-color: #333;
      padding: 20px;
      color: #fff;
      text-align: center;
    }

    header h1 {
      font-size: 24px;
    }

    /* Main content styles */
    .container {
      max-width: 800px;
      margin: 20px auto;
      padding: 20px;
      background-color: #fff;
      box-shadow: 0 0 5px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.3);
    }

    .container h2 {
      font-size: 20px;
      margin-bottom: 10px;
    }

    .container p {
      line-height: 1.5;
    }

    /* Download section styles */
    .download {
      text-align: center;
      margin-top: 40px;
    }

    .download h2 {
      font-size: 24px;
      margin-bottom: 20px;
    }

    .download p {
      margin-bottom: 10px;
    }

    .download .btn {
      padding: 10px 20px;
      background-color: #333;
      color: #fff;
      border: none;
      border-radius: 5px;
      font-size: 16px;
      cursor: pointer;
    }

    .download .btn:hover {
      background-color: #222;
    }

    /* Installation steps section styles */
    .steps {
      margin-top: 40px;
    }

    .step {
      display: flex;
      margin-bottom: 20px;
    }

    .step .number {
      flex-basis: 50px;
      background-color: #333;
      color: #fff;
      font-size: 18px;
      text-align: center;
      line-height: 50px;
    }

    .step .description {
      flex-grow: 1;
      background-color: #f9f9f9;
      padding: 10px;
    }

    /* Footer styles */
    footer {
      background-color: #333;
      padding: 10px;
      color: #fff;
      text-align: center;
    }
  </style>
</head>

<body>
  <header>
    <h1>Download and Install Adobe</h1>
  </header>

  <div class="container">
    <h2>Download Adobe Software</h2>

    <div class="download">
      <p>Get started with Adobe software by downloading the installer.</p>

      <button class="btn">Download Now</button>
    </div>

    <h2>Installation Steps</h2>

    <div class="steps">
      <div class="step">
        <div class="number">1</div>
        <div class="description">
          <h3>Step 1: Run the Installer</h3>
          <p>
            Double-click the downloaded installer file to start the
            installation process.
          </p>
        </div>
      </div>

      <div class="step">
        <div class="number">2</div>
        <div class="description">
          <h3>Step 2: Follow the Prompts</h3>
          <p>
            Follow the on-screen prompts to proceed with the installation.
            Make sure to review and accept the terms and conditions.
          </p>
        </div>
      </div>

      <div class="step">
        <div class="number">3</div>
        <div class="description">
          <h3>Step 3: Complete the Installation</h3>
          <p>
            Wait for the installation to complete. Once finished, you can
            launch the Adobe software and start using it.
          </p>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>

  <footer>@2023 Adobe. All rights reserved.</footer>
</body>

</html>